On behalf of the five parts of the building, I fully support the homeownership campaign.
That s the real reason why you don t want me to join.
You want to assign Egret International to the manager.
You're in the back.
It's not a shame you are.
Wang Lien supported keeping the house
There's no doubt about it.
This is completely unexpected.
The butler could again receive the support of the Quang Lang king.
Lee Seung-hee, do you still want to argue?
Me...
King of Quang Lang
If the King of Quang Lang supports Lady Chi
So my Li family must give me a face.
So...
I withdraw from this team.
Li Bayan even if I can't get it
It's not your turn.
Now.
Who else wants a painting?
Me...
Don't get me wrong.
Big Brother just let me praise Bailao International s position as president.
I have no intention of arguing with you.
Moreover, my sister has a very shallow sense of business talent.
If you also want to choose
Then I'll give up.
International President Egret
He doesn't deserve it.